---
title: Monthly Updates [August]
description: September 2023 updates.
date: 2023-08-01
next: false

prev: false

footer: true
---

<Post authors="nbats"/>

:::info
These update threads only contains major updates. If you're interested
in seeing all minor changes you can follow our
[Commits Page](https://github.com/fmhy/FMHYedit/commits/main) on GitHub or
[Updates Channel](https://redd.it/17f8msf) in Discord.
:::

### Wiki Updates

- Moved fmhy.ml to **[fmhy.net](/)**, and updated its UI to more closely match
  [fmhy.pages.dev](/).
- Separated Android Tools into subcategories:
  [Device](/android-iosguide/#android-device),
  [Utilities](/android-iosguide/#android-utilities),
  [Internet](/android-iosguide/#android-internet),
  [Camera](/android-iosguide/#android-camera) and
  [Customization](/android-iosguide/#customization).

- Added a [Engineering](/edupiracyguide/#engineering) section to Educational.

- Renamed Multi Hosts to [Multi Server](/videopiracyguide/#multi-server),
  Dedicated Hosts to [Single Server](/videopiracyguide/#single-server), and
  bumped Multi above Single as they're generally better.

- Moved all the APK sections out of storage, and back into the main
  [Android section](/android-iosguide/#android-apks).

- Combined all [Indian Language sites](/non-english/#indian-languages) into one
  section in Non-Eng, as most host content for more than one language.

---

### Stars Added ⭐

- Starred [Ova Games](/gamingpiracyguide/#download-games) in Game Download. Big
  library, fast hosts.

- Starred [SmashyStream](/videopiracyguide/#multi-server) in Streaming Sites.
  Nice UI, fast 1080p.

- Starred [BlackPearlOrigin](/storage/#game-libraries--launcher) in Game
  Launchers. New game launcher and downloader, made by our friends.

- Starred Androeed and Modyolo in [Modded APKs](/android-iosguide/#modded-apks).

- Starred [Skraper](/gamingpiracyguide/#emulation--roms) in Emulation. Automate
  ROM Covers / Metadata.

- Starred [ROMhacking](/gamingpiracyguide/#rom-sites) in ROM Sites. One of the
  oldest sites for fan translations.

- Starred [FreeSports](/videopiracyguide/#live-tv--sports) in Live Sports. A
  live sports site that isn't flooded with ads like most are.

- Starred [SoccerCatch](/videopiracyguide/#sports-streaming) in Sports
  Streaming. Full Match replays.

- Starred [DownloadPirate](/storage/#vfx-sites) in VFX Sites. Popular site for
  video effects and software.

- Starred [SophiApp](/storage/#windows-10-debloater) in debloaters. Gives good
  explanations for its tweaks making it safer for new users.

- Starred
  [Actually Good Distros](https://ash.fail/blog/20230625-actually-good-distro-recomendations-for-beginners.html)
  in Linux. Beginner distro guides.

---

### Things Removed

- Removed Bromite as they've [stopped updates](https://i.imgur.com/uM3ryHR.png),
  and replaced it with [Cromite](https://github.com/uazo/cromite) which will
  continue to be updated by one of their devs.

- Removed AI Text Detectors as they're known for
  [being inaccurate](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/07/openai-discontinues-its-ai-writing-detector-due-to-low-rate-of-accuracy/).

- Unstarred SoftArchive in Software as people have become annoyed with their
  slow hosts.

- Unstarred LookMovie in Streaming as people don't like the fact 1080p is behind
  premium.

- Unstarred QuickBoost in Tweaking as the app doesn't give details as to what
  each tweak actually does.

- Unstarred Sockshare in Streaming as their original domain died, and it doesn't
  have the best UI anyways.

- Removed AnimeKaizoku from Anime Streaming as they've shutdown.

- Removed DeepFloyd from Image Generators as its been paused for over a month.

- Removed Appnee from Software Sites. The MAS team found that they host many
  [unsafe activators](https://i.imgur.com/KmDKUw4.png). We don't think Appnee is
  purposefully malicious, they just need to be more careful and clean things up
  before we can add them again.
